I wanted to share out this visualization for depicting the conversion rates that can
be very helpful for business analysts to depict
the data on conversion rates to their stakeholders.
This is a line chart showing the time
on the X-axis and the conversion rate on the Y-axis.
And this is a particularly useful tool when you want to engage the stakeholders,
such as the executive team,
around what the conversion rate data is telling us.
So, line charts like this can allow you to indicate how specific customer,
facing tools, and methods,
such as email marketing campaigns,
website features are showing higher success rate in converting leads to paying customers.
And this type of visualization allows the marketing and growth team to
identify these successful tools and campaigns or failed ones as well,
and plan future efforts to maximize conversions.
So, this is a useful tool to have in your toolkit as well.